ask to share self-review notes (#14185)
huggingface/diffusers: .ai/skills/self-review/SKILL.md

Report only — do not edit files. Be concrete, cite the rule, review the whole
diff, and don't invent issues or flag pure style.

## 4. Iterate until ready, then share

Expect several rounds: the contributor addresses findings, you review again.
Keep working with them to fix as much as possible until the verdict is
**READY** — the **Leave for the actual review** items are the only ones that
should reach the reviewer unresolved. End the final round's report by
reminding the contributor to share it on the PR (description or a comment) —

> it saves the reviewer a round of back-and-forth. Never commit the notes as

Author: ```suggestion
it saves the reviewer a few rounds of back-and-forth. Never commit the notes as
```
